>We see three critical differences between programming and software engineering: time, scale, and the trade-offs at play. On a software engineering project, engineers need to be more concerned with the passage of time and the eventual need for change. In a software engineering organization, we need to be more concerned about scale and efficiency, both for the software we produce as well as for the organization that is producing it. Finally, as software engineers, we are asked to make more complex decisions with higher-stakes outcomes, often based on imprecise estimates of time and growth.

<!-- Engenharia de software e Programação, são semelhantes, porém não identicas. a diferença é situada mais na escala: a engenharia de software lida com escalas maiores, decisões mais complexas, e mais importantes. -->
Software engineering and programming, although similar, are not identical. the main distinction is scale: software engineering deals with larger scales, more complex and more important decisions.

>Within Google, we sometimes say, “Software engineering is programming integrated over time.” Programming is certainly a significant part of software engineering: after all, programming is how you generate new software in the first place. If you accept this distinction, it also becomes clear that we might need to delineate between programming tasks (development) and software engineering tasks (development, modification, maintenance). The addition of time adds an important new dimension to programming. Cubes aren’t squares, distance isn’t velocity. Software engineering isn’t programming.

<!-- Engenharia de software é uma nova dimensão para programação, onde a programação é o desenvolvimento do software, a engenharia de software também lida com a modificação e manutenção do memso. -->
Software engineering is a new dimension added to programming, where programming is the development of software, software engineering on the other hand, also deals with modification and maintenance of it.
